Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
JTC Tourist
JTC Travel
Looking good!
A Life With Travel!
Even More Fun Plans!
Major Anxiety While On the Job
1. Pursuing shared interests
and dreams
2. A shared sense of
accomplishment and excitement
3. Establishing a cooperative
approach
4. Flexible work styles
5. A married couple's unique
mutual trust
6. Career sharing and support
Our Worthwhile JTC Life!
Thank you.
You look so happy, it makes me enjoy it too!
Must be your upcoming-wedding aura.
N-Nothing like that.
Would it be so wrong if we did get married?
Once I start thinking about that,
it's all I think about.
I wonder what Honjoji-san thinks about it.
Okay, keep doing this same thing
for another month.
Y-Yes, ma'am.
Well, let's keep at it.
Uh, right.
Didn't I tell you?
Those two aren't in a fake engagement.
Mamaru
I'm not the one who said so.
The head office wanted to make sure.
They said you never know with young people.
And I say again, it's not fake!
I guess that means it'll be this kid.
Post:
Kinshicho Branch
Age:
Hire Date:
Does it really have to be one of ours?
Make up your mind already!
Somebody has to go there!
I mean, I know nobody
wants to go anywhere cold.
But we also can't open
an empty branch, now can we?
All we need is your okay to go this route,
so could you finalize things soon?
Name:
Gonda
What?! Me, go to Alaska?!
Looks like it.
W-Wait a minute! It's been decided?!
Well, it's a rumor anyway.
But that's what someone
at the head office said.
But I haven't even been told yet!
What's a good farewell gift? A down jacket?
Give me a break, Keisuke-san!
Th-This can't be true, can it?
It's not true, right?
Gonda?
Going to Anchorage?
Are You Really Getting Married?
What am I doing turning a blind eye?
I must have known it
would turn out like this!
Thanks to our false plan, somebody
else will be going to Anchorage.
297 days until the
Anchorage Branch opens
Sending Gonda away now seems unthinkable!
Should things end this way?!
Blog 5
Coming up with new plans!
Ohara-kun, you think the rumor
about Gonda-kun is true?
There's nothing wrong with this scheme.
Honjoji-san's plan is perfect,
and we needed it at the time.
I just didn't bother to imagine...
It's not just Gonda.
Nobody should have to go in our place!
I didn't see it at all.
I'm not the only one
who'd be inconvenienced.
Everyone's the same.
They're all living their lives
the best they can!
It was thanks to this scheme
that I picked up on that.
Thanks to Honjoji-san.
Kurokawa-san, do you have a minute?
Ohara?
There's something I want to tell you.
I'm going to tell her our marriage is a lie.
I'll put an end to the whole thing.
Tell me what?
You know, something like this
happened before.
The day the pool opened when I was a kid.
Public Pool
On the way home, there was
a grilled squid food truck.
Grilled
Squid
It was free to use the pool
on its opening day.
But my mother made me bring
some money, just in case.
Don't go spendin' this
on food or nothin', now.
But...
Taku-chan.
Mom!
You have fun at the pool?
Yep.
U-Uh, today, you hadta pay to
get in, so I spent the money.
Oh.
What's that on your mouth? Looks like sauce.
Huh?
Takuya.
I'm not angry because you bought food.
That was bad too, but why'd you
lie about needin' the money?
You knew you'd done a bad thing,
and you tried to hide it.
That's what I have a hard time forgivin'.
Takuya, do you know full well
why you got in trouble?
Tell me in your own words.
Uh, I went to the pool with my friends.
After, there was this grilled squid.
Uh, I bought some with
Mom's money and ate it.
A-And then...
I lied to Mom and said
that I spent it on the pool.
It wasn't so much that I bought the food.
It was that I lied to cover it up
that made me cry from shame.
I haven't grown up at all, have I?
Kurokawa-san.
I'm not getting married at all.
Huh?
I-I was lying.
I didn't want to go to Anchorage,
so I faked an engagement.
I gave no consideration to anyone else.
I deceived everyone!
I truly am sorry!
I'll be the one to go to Anchorage!
Okay, I hear you.
Come with me now.
In here.
Honjoji-san?
As it turns out, she told me
the very same thing earlier.
That your marriage wasn't real.
And that she would go to Anchorage.
Looks like neither of you
knew about this part.
In other words, you both wanted to
avoid going to Anchorage so much,
you lied about getting married?
That's right.
I couldn't tell one bit!
Looks like you were
stressing big-time over this.
But you don't need to worry anymore.
I'll go to Anchorage!
What?!
Don't make a fuss.
I've already told the head office,
so you two won't have to go anywhere.
So, back to work!
Carry these!
Make it snappy!
295 days until the
Anchorage Branch opens
Kurokawa-san's going to Anchorage?
This settles things... but that's not okay!
not good
Please donate funds for Gonda's down jacket.
Keisuke-san! It's still not a done deal
that I'm going to Alaska!
Oh, but Gonda-kun's a big guy.
Wouldn't a sweater be enough?
Sorry to drag you out here.
It's fine.
I figured you might be concerned.
About the fact that I'm going in your place.
Very concerned!
Without you, what will become
of the Kinshicho Branch?
Our branch will be fine.
Everyone there is outstanding.
And besides...
Right now I'm excited!
Because I get to go on another journey!
I used to spend all my time traveling.
Asia, Africa, Europe—all over the world.
I love the sea, and
I've seen so much.
Isn't it the same for you two?
You came to this company
because you love traveling.
But now I'm married and running a branch.
I help others travel,
but I no longer do it myself.
I spend every day in meetings,
I manage projects and figures,
and I make my employees do unpleasant tasks.
Once I get home, I'm a good wife
and daughter-in-law.
I have to balance work and home life.
I treat myself with one trip
a year to the Maldives.
It's not that I hate that arrangement.
It's just, it occurs to me...
There's a clear, straight road
stretching out ahead of me.
I walk along it, taking care
not to step off of it.
This is my life now?
No, it's not!
I need more adventure than that!
Taking every path,
overcoming every difficulty.
All in the name of seeing things
I've never seen in places I've never been.
That's the joy of living!
Uh, but, is your family on board with this?
Well, we did start out as travel companions.
Huh?! You're going to Anchorage?!
Sorry, I've got to go cultivate Alaska.
It's kind of a relief.
It's like you've been stuck on the straight
and narrow since we got married.
I thought I might be holding you back.
What a thing to worry about!
I'm jealous. Maybe I'll go to Alaska too.
You're welcome anytime.
And so, other than my
husband's family, no worries.
I-Is that so?
Thanks for coming out here with me.
Kurokawa-san said all that, but
does it really have nothing to do with us?
That I don't know.
But it seemed like she was telling the truth.
"Things I've never seen," huh?
I get that, now.
We've been on the biggest journey
of our lives, these past two months.
Well, there's no longer
any need for our plan.
Thanks for all you've done.
Thus, our journey came to an end.
Maybe it's for the best
that this plan is over.
I doubt it would have worked until the end.
It isn't good to go on lying indefinitely.
That's true. Let's put an end to the lies.
And let's think about what happens next.
All right.
Inform those at work about
the pretend marriage
Contact Ashida-san about taking over
Our Worthwhile JTC Life
Return wedding gifts
Kurokawa-san - goodie basket
Shinshi-san - tea set
George-san - pair of Hawaiian shirts
Kitagawa-san - bath salts
Isojima-san - soup set
Saito-san - towel set
Itsuki-san - wine
Gonda-san - husband-and-wife chopsticks
Komiya-san - paired glasses
Nonoyama-san - flowers
Should we inform Princess Claudia?
Expense report
Cushion ¥2090
Globe ¥3460
Mug ¥2000
Toothbrush ¥620
Desk lamp ¥2180
Beer ¥3780
Low table ¥2860
Tent ¥2680
We'll need to tell everyone
at work that it was a lie.
Yes, we can inform them tomorrow.
Should we tell anyone at the head office?
I think we'll have to tell Mamaru-san.
Although I expect it will be rather awkward.
Is it all right if we go together?
O-Of course it's all right.
Let's do that.
Cost of the two cushions: ¥4180.
The globe we got for the blog cost ¥3460.
Do we include the water bill?
Let's add everything and calculate it.
What do we do with the table, light, etc.
we used for the blog?
Anything we aren't going to use,
I'll sell online.
That was relatively easy to sort out.
Well, it was only two months' worth.
It almost feels like a dream.
Bottles
Cans
Plastic bottles
I suppose actual marriage is a lot harder.
Yes, I'm sure it is.
Even if it's fun for a short time, being
together all the time must be too much.
You have to be attentive to each other
constantly, and it's much easier to be alone.
I feel like I'd spend an eternity fretting.
I'd be worried about work and money too.
And you'd no longer have time for yourself
or be free to go out whenever you want.
Married couples probably
also have different values,
and there's bound to be lots
of arguments over little things.
Hanging out with family is troublesome too.
It's annoying when everyone
says "congratulations,"
and we can do everything
by ourselves as it is.
The more I think about it,
the more I reach the same conclusion.
It's fine not to get married.
Yes, it feels like it's nothing but risk.
It takes so much effort
to live on your own as it is.
So, to have to support someone else?
Marriage is all an illusion.
Well, the trains will start running soon.
Right.
A straight road continues on and on.
I just keep on walking,
taking care not to leave that road.
This is my life...
Honjoji-san!
U-Um, we're just coworkers.
Not even friends.
But can we get married anyway?!
Y-Yes, we can!
We aren't even going out,
but can we get married?!
Yes, we can!
Nothing amazing's happened to us like
in a TV show, but can we get married?!
Yes, we can!
Maybe we didn't have any fated encounter or
anything, but can we get married anyway?!
Yes, we can!
Please just tell me one thing.
Do you love me?
I do so many weird things,
and I'm always regretting it.
I have no confidence in myself.
But the truth is, there are many things
I want to do and talk about with someone.
I do love you, Honjoji-san!
And I... love you, Ohara-kun!
I was thinking marriage was the finish line.
But it's really a beginning, isn't it?
That's right.
You can begin at any time.
And so, Honjoji-san. Once again...
You can call me "Rika."
Okay.
R-R-R...
R...
Rika-san, will you marry me?
Yes.
Let's start over again!
So, Ohara-kun, first things first.
Oh, so I'm still "Ohara-kun."
Let's go apologize to everyone at JTC.
Right.
JTC Tourist
JTC Travel
We apologize!
What?!
You weren't getting married
and now you are?!
Say what now?!
Do we say "congratulations" to this?
Oh, so happy!
Why not?
How about another party at Bau Bau?
No, pass on that!
Congratulations, Senpai!
We don't have to worry about
Alaska anymore, and you'll see!
I'll find my own happiness!
For now...
For now, I'll say "congratulations."
But the day may come
when that word becomes a curse.
All right!
Let's knock it out of the park again today!
Go on, take your seats.
Number withheld
Hello?
So, you're really getting married.
I knew from the start things
would turn out this way.
Why do you make these calls?
I thought you were telling a silly lie.
That's all.
But then, this does seem
appropriate for you two.
You couldn't be more right.
Sorry to cause you any anxiety.
And also, congratulations.
Thank you.
Today
I just got a bunch of veggies while on attendant duty,
but it's more than I can use. Would you like some?
I'm at Asakusa Station.
It's Rika-san! Asakusa Station!
I just got a bunch of veggies while on attendant duty,
but it's more than I can use. Would you like some?
I'm at Asakusa Station.
I'll be right there.
Asakusa Station
R-Rika-san's glowing!
She's going to be... my wife.
Rika-san!
Ohara-kun's... glowing!
He's... going to be... my husband.
Bliss.
Bliss
Today, I was the attendant
for a foreigner in Chiba,
and a farmer we visited gave us produce.
That's a lot!
Okay, I'll carry it to your place.
I'll carry half.
Don't worry, I've got it.
I called him out here for something trivial.
She called me out here for something trivial.
Bliss
Bliss.
Oh, then Ohara-kun,
I'll treat you to tea as thanks.
I appreciate that.
Bliss.
Here we are, just having tea.
Bliss
Ohara-kun, can I do my
Today's Five Minutes bit?
Go for it.
A new island has emerged near Iwo Jima!
It's so cool that the island
10 minutes later
is made of volcanic products
like lava flow and rock lumps.
Wow.
What's more, just when it
seemed activity had stopped
30 minutes later
and the waves and
such would make it shrink,
signs were seen that it would
become active again!
Far out.
1 hour later
The Hawaiian Islands were formed
by volcanic activity and plate movement,
but when you think about it, how much lava
must have to erupt to form islands that big?
By the way, Indonesia also
has many volcanic islands.
Oh yeah?
He seems to have so much fun listening.
I feel like I could keep talking forever.
Rika-san talks about such interesting things.
I feel like I could keep listening forever.
Bliss.
Bliss
This rules.
The volcano talk continued for two more hours.
I love how Ohara-kun walks so casually
on the side next to the road.
I love how Rika-san always
takes Kama into account.
I love Ohara-kun's unruly hair!
I love Rika-san's profile!
I love how broad Ohara-kun's shoulders are!
I love listening to Rika-san's footsteps!
I love seeing our shadows walk side by side!
I love how we can just be together like this.
Rika-san, since we're here,
let's cut through the park.
Sounds nice.
Um...
Rika-san is really getting married after all!
Ambitious
Seven
Mikki
Sender:
To: Mamaru-san; JTC Personnel Department
Subject: Re: My Successor (Kinshicho Branch Manager)
Everyone,
Hello to all. This is Kurokawa from the Kinshicho Branch.
As I mentioned the other day, I, Kurokawa, will be
transferring from the Kinshicho Branch when the Alaska Branch opens in order to become that new branch's manager.
My transfer will therefore require a new
There's one person I would like to recommend
We're getting married!
Comet
Croquette burger
Tokyo
Tama River
Yokohama
Tokyo Bay
Lake Inba
Chiba
Rika-san.
Sorry, I was just now leaving.
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Good morning, Ohara-kun.
Good morning, Rika-san.